You want me to consider your living conditions? Well, then: I own 3 sweaters, 4 t-shirts, 7ish pairs of underpants, 4 pairs of socks, 2 jackets, a sleeping bag, hygiene articles, a backpack, a helmet, a USB cable, a wall wart, two adapters, a cushion, a pair of headphones (broken headband), a phone, a laptop, a mouse. I don't own anything else. I spend money on rent and on food. Food-wise, I haven't been able to afford to buy a falafel, let alone dine out, for the last two months. At the supermarket, all I can afford are the cheapest products: 50ct for 500g rolled oats, 1€ for 400g beans, 1€ for a bottle of sunflower oil. Some cheap vegetables maybe, or some tomato sauce instead of just 50ct chopped tomatoes if I'm feeling particularly generous - I'm not yet starving, but I am keenly aware that a package of Tofu (at the supermarket) has about 300 kcal for about 2,5€ and about 30% protein - far below the 400 kcal with about the same amount of protein of chickpeas at around 90ct. Ergo: I can't afford the tofu. On average, I've gotten down to about 6€ or so per day, which means a diet of rice, vegetables and dry muesli (soy milk is too expensive per calorie). I've been out (spending money) twice this last 30 days, and by out I mean I went ice skating once and walked around the Studentenviertel once. Total cost for both: 8€. And it's not like I'm spending money on anything else either: My various bills come to 50€. I don't spend money on much else: I needed to replace a sweater a few days ago, so I bought one for 18€ at Decathlon. I really like the sweater, but thinking about the 18€, I almost cried. This isn't how I want to live. I don't like feeding the capitalist machine with money, but I would like at least the luxury of eating slightly more expensive food. Nevertheless, with 500€ rent, an absolute steal in Munich,[1][2] there is no amount of money saving that will allow me to survive until beyond next month.
Until when do I need the money? Well, until my computer science skills are good enough to compete with computer science graduates. [3] As I have repeatedly mentioned, for more than a year now I have been working on my computer science skills all day every day - at some point I will be good enough to get hired. Mind, don't get it in your head that I *want* to do computer science - computer science is merely one of the last fields where capitalism can't yet get away with paying low wages for uncertain employment. As you yourself seem to be experiencing though not noticing, the economy doesn't really have reasonably-paying humanities (or related) jobs anymore. I will write my BA-Thesis and complete my degree once I've found employment, I don't see another option.
So, where would the money come from?
You claim you can't rent out the house, part or whole, because people won't take it, but that's nonsense.
That close to the city center, the rates for even the smallest room upstairs is 500€ on the very low end, and 750€ on the high end.[1] Put it on WG-Gesucht tomorrow morning for 600€, and I guarantee that you'll have 20 serious offers by the end of the day. For the larger upstairs room, you could probably get 800€, if not more.[2] I'm sure you could also get people to move in basically on the drop of a dime, so there's no reason why you couldn't have it rented out in a few days time at most. If you don't believe me, ask anyone my age who's looked for a WG room - there isn't anything, so people will take whatever they can get, at whatever price. Any one of these would generate enough income to more than offset paying me child support (which is roughly 500€). If you feel living with one more person is too much a sacrifice - I find it very hard to feel sorry for someone who will still have half a house worth of space, if not more, as someone who has 12qm in a WG.
You want to pretend that your wealth doesn't exist, because it's not fungible or not income. But the fact is your house is worth around 1.5 million. You want to see yourself as oppressed and underprivileged, but the fact is you are among the 5% richest people in Germany, and not at the bottom end of that 5% tier either.[4] Since you bought the house for (as far as I remember) around 250k€ and adjusting that for inflation to around 400k€, the house has almost quadrupled in value, just by the rising market. This is the same rising market in which I and everyone else in my generation has to rent. You say that "you've just decided to not worry about money anymore", but don't even hear the privilege that that sentence implies. If you just stopped working right now and never worked a minute more in your life, if you sold your house you would be able to live for 38 more years with your current insane expense level, assuming you pay 1000€ rent somewhere else. If I stopped caring about money, I would be homeless in a month. From the value of your house alone, at my current expense levels, I could live 147 years. Even if I had to pay Anima and another person child support, I could still live 71 years from that money. Your 'fixed costs' are seven times what you would have to pay in child support to me, so assuming back payments and payment until (incl.) July of this year, paying for 13 months of me would be less than two months of your expenses. If your stocks are currently at 40k dollars, the amount you would have to pay me would be around than 15%, clearly not enough to 'run out'. Assuming you paid around 1-1.5k for Anima's trip to Paris, your costs would be something like 4-6 trips to Paris, to support my living expenses for more than a year. It would be 6 of the expensive tables you bought. It's around 2 flights to the US and back. Are all of these things worth more than fulfilling your child support duties? All this may be in the past. But: you stopped paying me child support in June. Since then, you have presumably hosted parties, paid other peoples meals, and travelled. Was every party you hosted worth me not being able to afford to go on dates with people, or hang out with friends? Was every pizza you paid your interns worth two full days of meals for me? Was every train trip you took worth multiple days of my life?

So, quoting your own need, you can refuse. You can offer me a room in your house, ignoring the suffering that that will both bring us, ignoring that at 24 it should not be my obligation to live in your house and under your control, ignoring that I am far happier where I am currently living, while still resulting in a negative balance compared to renting the room out. Or you can sacrifice a small amount of your comfort by giving up a small amount of your capital or a room in your house to give me the ability to live.

Therefore, I reiterate my request: Please pay me the child support, roughly 500€, starting when you stopped paying: i.e. from (the beginning of) July 2021, meaning for 6 months of 2021, and presumably though not guaranteedly to July 2022.

[1] Example prices: https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Laim.9134124.html https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Sendling.8601032.html https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Sendling.9058976.html https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Hadern.9091477.html
[2] Example prices: https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Bogenhausen.7275824.html https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Bogenhausen.9134611.html https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Maxvorstadt.8929992.html https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Au-Haidhausen.9080902.html https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-Munchen-Schwanthalerhoehe-Laim.6223089.html
[3] https://de.indeed.com/jobs?q=Fullstack&l=M%C3%BCnchen&vjk=101b72374a407603
[4] https://www.boeckler.de/de/boeckler-impuls-wie-sind-die-vermoegen-in-deutschland-verteilt-3579.htm

